content/gallery/index.md, before:

---
title: "Gallery of Work"
linkTitle: "Gallery"
image: "/images/bg/fillpic_03.jpg"
resources:
- src: "images/body_corporate.jpg"
  name: "Body corporate property care"
- src: "images/concrete_drive.jpg"
  name: "Concrete driveways"
- src: "images/dynamic_screening_wall.jpg"
  name: "A dynamic screening wall a must for the client who wants something different"
- src: "images/hedging.jpg"
  name: "Our hedge shaping service is an artwork (before)"
- src: "images/hedgework.jpg"
  name: "Our hedge shaping service is an artwork (after)"
- src: "images/instant_lawn-before.jpg"
  name: "Instant lawn preparation and laying"
- src: "images/instant_lawn-after.jpg"
  name: "Instant lawn preparation and laying"
- src: "images/platform_crane.jpg"
  name: "We use and have the appropriate licences for platform cranes"
---

Below is a small sample of what we do. Click on an image to enlarge.

Check out our regularly updated [photo galleries on facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pg/Lifestyle-Garden-Maintenance-165205383532703/photos/)

Commit message:

use title attribute for gallery images

content/gallery/index.md, after:

---
title: "Gallery of Work"
linkTitle: "Gallery"
image: "/images/bg/fillpic_03.jpg"
resources:
- src: "images/body_corporate.jpg"
  title: "Body corporate property care"
- src: "images/concrete_drive.jpg"
  title: "Concrete driveways"
- src: "images/dynamic_screening_wall.jpg"
  title: "A dynamic screening wall a must for the client who wants something different"
- src: "images/hedging.jpg"
  title: "Our hedge shaping service is an artwork (before)"
- src: "images/hedgework.jpg"
  title: "Our hedge shaping service is an artwork (after)"
- src: "images/instant_lawn-before.jpg"
  title: "Instant lawn preparation and laying"
- src: "images/instant_lawn-after.jpg"
  title: "Instant lawn preparation and laying"
- src: "images/platform_crane.jpg"
  title: "We use and have the appropriate licences for platform cranes"
---

Below is a small sample of what we do. Click on an image to enlarge.

Check out our regularly updated [photo galleries on facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pg/Lifestyle-Garden-Maintenance-165205383532703/photos/)
